10/22 Team Meeting 4pm-4:30pm via discord call:
all members attended

Objectives for this week: Complete Sprint 1 Release, Sprint 2 Requirement Artifacts

1. setup website - Anakha & Isabel
2. integrate database - Ginny
3. make game shareable via URL - Dylan
4. title screen - Jackson
sprint 2 requirement artiacts - Jackson

Possibly use turso for databse. 

Languages to use right now: HTML, C#


GTA Meeting 10/24 12:15pm: 
Updates: got the website going (C#, css, HTML) using Visual Studio, currently runs based on the template slides
- integrate databse
- title screen
- most likely will use turso 

dont need to comment template code given by visual studio
Clarified Rubric Grading: if we get all requirements are met then we will receive full points (different from rubric)


10/29 Team Meeting 5pm-5:16pm via Discord Call:
all members attended
Next Meeting 11/5 4:30pm via Discord Call

Due Date: November 10th!
Objectives for this week: Complete Sprint 2 Requirements, Sprint 3 Requirement Artifacts, Update Requirements Stack if necessary. 

5. Create an intuitive interface for the user to create a todo list with difficulty points assigned to tasks (8 points)
6. Add a landing page if no account is signed in (5 points)
7. Create an intuitive interface for creating account or logging into existing account (5 points) 
8. Allow users to log out from the title screen and return to the main landing page for unregistered users (3 points)
9. Add interface to mark tasks as completed and gain the assigned points (5 points)

Sprint 3 Requirement Artifacts. 

Jackson - 5. Create an intuitive interface for the user to create a todo list with difficulty points assigned to tasks 
Ginny - 8. Allow users to log out from the title screen and return to the main landing page for unregistered users and Sprint 3 Requirement Artificats
      - Send Huy and team report for missing GTA meeting this week (include Turso Database Screen)
Anakha - 6. Add a landing page if no account is signed in.  Help with Sprint 3 Requirement Artifacts.
Dylan - 9. Add interface to mark tasks as completed and gain the assigned points
Isabel - 7. Create an intuitive interface for creating account or logging into existing account


